virtiofs, hostpath: Add an example for using hostpath in VMs. (#615)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/virtual_machines/disks_and_volumes.md

> to share directories with VMs. This feature is available starting with KubeVirt v0.36.0.

### Sharing Persistent Volume Claims
#### Cluster Configuration

We need to create a new VM definition including the `spec.devices.disk.filesystems.virtiofs` and a PVC.
Example:

```yaml
apiVersion: kubevirt.io/v1
kind: VirtualMachineInstance
metadata:
  name: testvmi-fs
spec:
  domain:
    devices:
      disks:
        - disk:
            bus: virtio
          name: containerdisk
        - disk:
            bus: virtio
          name: cloudinitdisk
      filesystems:
        - name: virtiofs-disk
          virtiofs: {}
    resources:
      requests:
        memory: 1024Mi
  volumes:
    - name: containerdisk
      containerDisk:
        image: quay.io/containerdisks/fedora:latest
    - cloudInitNoCloud:
        userData: |-
          #cloud-config
          password: fedora
          chpasswd: { expire: False }
      name: cloudinitdisk
    - name: virtiofs-disk
      persistentVolumeClaim:
        claimName: mypvc
```

#### Configuration Inside the VM
The following configuration can be done in using startup script. See [cloudInitNoCloud](#cloudinitnocloud) section for 
more details. 

> However, we can do it manually by login inside the VM and mounting it. 

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
However, we can do it manually by logging into the VM and mounting it. 
```

Reviewer 2: To nit your nit, it should be "...by logging in to the VM..."
('Logging in' or 'log in' is a phrasal verb and 'to' is the preposition that connects it to the object.)

Author: Thanks for the clarification. Done.

Here are examples of how to mount it in a linux and windows VMs:

- Linux Example

```bash
$ sudo mkdir -p /mnt/disks/virtio
$ sudo mount -t virtiofs virtiofs-disk /mnt/disks/virtio
```

- Windows Example

  See [this](https://virtio-fs.gitlab.io/howto-windows.html) guide for details on startup steps needed for Windows VMs.

### Sharing Node Directories

It is allowed using [hostpaths](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#hostpath).
The following configuration example is shown for illustrative purposes.

> However, the [PVCs](#sharing-persistent-volume-claims) method is preferred since hostpath are generally discouraged for

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
However, the [PVCs](#sharing-persistent-volume-claims) method is preferred since using hostpath is generally discouraged for
```

Author: Done

security reasons.

#### Configuration Inside the Node

> We need to log in the node which we want to share the directory with the VMs, to create the shared directory (if it is not

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
We need to log into the node of which we want to share the directory with the VMs, to create the shared directory (if it is not
```

Reviewer 2: This is quite a complicated sentence so I'd like to suggest the following, starting with the objective and followed by the steps needed:
"To share the directory with the VMs, we need to log in to the node, create the shared directory (if it does not already exist), and set the proper SELinux context label `container_file_t` to the shared directory."
Let me know if I misunderstand.

Author: You have understand it perfectly fine. Thanks for the rework :)

        kubevirt.io/domain: hostpath
        kubevirt.io/vm: hostpath
    spec:
      domain:
        cpu:
          cores: 1
          sockets: 1
          threads: 1
        devices:
          filesystems:
            - name: vm-hostpath
              virtiofs: {}
          disks:
            - name: containerdisk
              disk:
                bus: virtio
            - name: cloudinitdisk
              disk:
                bus: virtio
          interfaces:
            - name: default
              masquerade: {}
          rng: {}
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 1Gi
      networks:
        - name: default
          pod: {}
      terminationGracePeriodSeconds: 180
      volumes:
        - containerDisk:
            image: quay.io/containerdisks/fedora:latest
          name: containerdisk
        - cloudInitNoCloud:
            userData: |-
              #cloud-config
              chpasswd:
                expire: false
              password: password
              user: fedora
          name: cloudinitdisk
        - name: vm-hostpath
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: hostpath-claim
```

#### Configuration Inside the VM

> We need to access the VM and mount the shared directory:

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
We need to log into the VM and mount the shared directory:
```

Reviewer 2: "We need to log in to the VM..."

- Windows Example

   See [this](https://virtio-fs.gitlab.io/howto-windows.html) guide for details on startup steps needed for Windows VMs.

### Sharing Node Directories with VMs

> `Virtiofs` allows to share node directories with VMs as [hostpaths](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#hostpath).

Reviewer 3: IMO, this sentence is a bit misleading. Virtiofs allows sharing directories directly with the guest, not only host paths.  The directory is provided through a PVC, and this can be backed by a hostpath

Author: I agree. I have changed it.

      labels:
        kubevirt.io/domain: hostpath
        kubevirt.io/vm: hostpath
    spec:
      domain:
        cpu:
          cores: 1
          sockets: 1
          threads: 1
        devices:
          filesystems:
            - name: vm-hostpath
              virtiofs: {}
          disks:
            - name: containerdisk
              disk:
                bus: virtio
            - name: cloudinitdisk
              disk:
                bus: virtio
          interfaces:
            - name: default
              masquerade: {}
          rng: {}
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 1Gi
      networks:
        - name: default
          pod: {}
      terminationGracePeriodSeconds: 180
      volumes:
        - containerDisk:
            image: quay.io/containerdisks/fedora:latest
          name: containerdisk
        - cloudInitNoCloud:
            userData: |-
              #cloud-config
              chpasswd:
                expire: false
              password: password
              user: fedora
          name: cloudinitdisk
        - name: vm-hostpath
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: hostpath-claim
```

#### Hostpath Mounting

> To mount the hostpath in the VM, we have to access the node for setting the proper SELinux context to the shared directory:

Reviewer: I can't follow why we need to do this after we create the PV and PVC? Wouldn't this be something we would need to prepare before?

Author: The system does not set the SELinux context by itself and as far as I know, this is an intended behavior. @xpivarc Can you provide further details on this please?

Reviewer 4: Could be possible to start with setting up the directory labels?, I mean, something like (not intended to be copied verbatim :) just a rough idea):
"
Let's assume we want to share the node directory `/mnt/share`, first we must check the security label of  `/mnt/share`, otherwise the VM will not be able to access that directory:
``` example of to check sec label ``
if the sec label isn't present or is not `container_file_t` we need to label it as:
``` sudo chcon ... ```
"

So, I think a structure like this is a bit clearer:
- Checking/Setting up the shared directory
- all the yamls
- Hostpath mounting (with instructions from inside the VM only)

Reviewer 3: I need to admit I have never tried with hostpath, but with a proper storage class, the selinux label should be handled directly from the CSI plugin. Don't we want to illustrate a more generic example with PVCs?

Reviewer 5: > The system does not set the SELinux context by itself and as far as I know, this is an intended behavior. @xpivarc Can you provide further details on this please?

Yes, but at the same time, it depends on what approach you choose. See the above comments.

Reviewer 3: @xpivarc yes, I agree with you.
I understand that this initial example is targeting hostpath specifically. But on the other hand, we don't have any other good examples with virtiofs, and I think it is important to explain to the users that they have other (better) solutions. 
So, as @xpivarc already said, I think it is important to mention the other cases

Author: Thanks for your comments. Regarding @germag suggestion, I agree and I have changed the structure as described. I think this structural change could solve some of your concerns.
About the generic example with PVCs, do you mean an example like [this](https://github.com/kubevirt/user-guide/blob/main/docs/virtual_machines/disks_and_volumes.md?plain=1#L1406-L1470)? I have reworked a bit the existing [example](https://github.com/kubevirt/user-guide/blob/main/docs/virtual_machines/disks_and_volumes.md?plain=1#L1406-L1470) and mine to reflect your suggestions. Furthermore, I have added a few lines explaining that the hostpath method is discouraged.
Additionally, I guess that the third method mentioned is using a proper storage class. However, I have never tried this approach and I'm not sure how to do it. If you have some hints in this regard please, let me know. On the other hand, because I need some time to learn and test it, I will post it in a separate PR.

```shell

> sudo chcon -t container_file_t /tmp/data

Reviewer 3: Where should this command be run? Directly on host or virt-launcher?
